lessons/install/readme.md, before:

# Install software on your computer


### Install [git](http://git-scm.com/).

You have it installed if you can run `git --version` at the command
line and get output like `git version 2.13.5`.

Macbooks have git pre-installed.


### Install [Anaconda](http://continuum.io/downloads).

Please install the **3.6 version** if possible.

There are two things you can verify to check your install.

First, from the command line, all of the following should start up
some kind of Python interpreter:

```bash
python3
ipython3
jupyter notebook
spyder
```

Second, inside any of those Python interpreters, you should be able to
do all of these without error:

```python
import numpy
import scipy
import matplotlib
import pandas
import statsmodels
import sklearn
```

### Install [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) on Mac 

---

### Q1. Python Version 2 or 3

**Course material for the bootcamp is compatible with Python versions 2.7 and 3.0. All HackerRank Python pre-work is configured for Python 3 only.  Therefore, Python 3 is the recommended version.**  

Did you install Python 2 or 3? Why?  

>> REPLACE THIS TEXT WITH YOUR RESPONSE

### Q2. Which Python Version Installed   

In the Terminal:

`python3 --version`

>> REPLACE THIS TEXT WITH YOUR RESPONSE

Commit message:

Answered questions about Python version

lessons/install/readme.md, after:

# Install software on your computer


### Install [git](http://git-scm.com/).

You have it installed if you can run `git --version` at the command
line and get output like `git version 2.13.5`.

Macbooks have git pre-installed.


### Install [Anaconda](http://continuum.io/downloads).

Please install the **3.6 version** if possible.

There are two things you can verify to check your install.

First, from the command line, all of the following should start up
some kind of Python interpreter:

```bash
python3
ipython3
jupyter notebook
spyder
```

Second, inside any of those Python interpreters, you should be able to
do all of these without error:

```python
import numpy
import scipy
import matplotlib
import pandas
import statsmodels
import sklearn
```

### Install [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) on Mac 

---

### Q1. Python Version 2 or 3

**Course material for the bootcamp is compatible with Python versions 2.7 and 3.0. All HackerRank Python pre-work is configured for Python 3 only.  Therefore, Python 3 is the recommended version.**  

Did you install Python 2 or 3? Why?  

Python 3 since that is the version I am more familiar with.

### Q2. Which Python Version Installed   

In the Terminal:

`python3 --version`

>> Python 3.7.0
